Mr. Lars and his wife Mrs. Lars went to a meetup and met 4 other married couples. Some people shook hands with each other,
but no person shook hands with his or her spouse, and no person shook his or her own hand. Mr. Lars then asked each person,
including his wife, “How many distinct people did you shake hands with?” Each person answered honestly, and 
surprisingly each person gave a different answer! How many distinct people did Mrs. Lars shake hands with? And how many
distinct people did Mr. Lars shake hands with?

Solution:

https://mindyourdecisions.com/blog/2017/08/06/the-impossible-handshake-logic-puzzle-a-martin-gardner-classic/



N – 1, where N is the total no. of couples at the dinner.
Explanation:

The possible numbers of handshakes range from 0 to 2N-2. (2N-1 would require that a person shook hands with every other 
person at the party, but nobody shook hands with his/her spouse.)
There are 2N-1 different numbers, and the host got 2N-1 different answers, so every number is represented.
One person (0) shook no hands, and another (2N-2) shook hands with everybody from all the other couples. This is only possible 
if these two are a married couple, because otherwise 2N-2 would have had to have shaken 0’s hand.
One person (1) shook only 2N-2’s hand, and another (2N-3) shook hands with everybody from all the other couples except 0. Again, 
these two must be married, or else 2N-3 would have had to have shaken 1’s hand, a contradiction.
Continuing this logic, eventually you pair up all the couples besides the hosts, each one pairing a shook-no-hands-not-already-mentioned 
person with a shook-all-hands-not-already-mentioned person, the last having shaken N-2 and N hands respectively.
This tells that the hostess must have shaken N-1 hands, since there are N-1 shook-no-other-hands people and N-1 shook-all-other-hands 
people. Both the host and hostess shook hands with exactly one member of each couple – the same ones – and thus each shook N-1 people’s hands
Example:
N = 6

5 couples are invited to the dinner. Among the total six couples, no one shook more than 10 hands.
Therefore, if eleven people each shake a different number of hands, the numbers must be 0, 1, 2, …, and 10.
The person who shook 10 hands has to be married to the person who shook 0 hands (otherwise that person could have shaken only ten hands).
Similarly, the person who shook nine hands is bound to be married to the person who shook 1 hand.
Continuing the logic, couples shook hands in pairs as mentioned 10/0, 9/1, 8/2, 7/3, 6/4. The only person left who shook hands with 5 is the hostess.





Answer To Seemingly Impossible Handshake Logic Puzzle
Let’s work out a smaller example to understand the logic. Imagine a smaller meetup with Mr. and Mrs. Lars and 1 other couple. 
The group has 4 people in total. 
Since no one shakes hands with his or her spouse, and no one shakes hands his or her own hand, each person can possibly shake hands 
with 0, 1, or 2 people. If Mr. Lars heard 3 different answers from the 3 people he asked, then each person gave one of the 3 possible answers.

The person who shook 2 hands must have shaken hands with everyone else except his or her own spouse. This implies everyone else at
the meetup shakes hands with at least 1 person. The only person who could have answered 0 is then the spouse of the person who answered 2. 
The answers of 2 and 0 are paired and belong to the other couple.

By process of elimination, the remaining answer of 1 must be from Mrs. Lars. Thus, Mrs. Lars shook hands with 1 person.

What about Mr. Lars? He did shake hands with the person who answered 2, he could not have shaken hands with his wife who answered 1, and 
he could not have shaken hands with the person who answered 0. Thus, Mr. Lars must have shaken hands with 1 person, exactly the same as his wife
