Every day, Joe arrives at the train station from work at 6pm.
His wife leaves home in her car and meets him there at exactly 6pm, and drives him home. One day, 
Joe gets to the station an hour early, and starts walking home, until his wife meets him on the road. They get home 20 minutes earlier than usual.
How long was he walking?
Distances are unspecified. Speeds are unspecified, but constant.
Output a number which represents the answer in minutes.



Case 1 : Answer is a integer. Just put the number without any decimal places if its an integer. If the answer is Infinity, output Infinity.
Case 2 : Floating point number. Round it off to 2 decimal places and output it as I.xx where I is the integer part of the answer, and xx are 2 decimal digits after rounding off.
Feel free to get in touch with us if you have any questions 


MY approach:

Let the usual time wife leaves home to pick Joe is 5 30
so 30mins drive to station. and back. so 6 30 usual time.

today she reached 20mins before. so 6 10;
So the distance travelled 2x is 6 10 - 5 30  or 40mins. x is 20 mins.

so she met him 20mins before 6 10. that is 5 50.
he reached station at 5. so he have been walking for 50 mins.


Similar approach:



00, he must have been walking for 50 minutes.
Here’s another way to look at it: notice that we didn’t specify any of the distances, including how far away 
Joe’s house is from the train station. So let’s try examining a degenerate case, say, where Joe lives at the train 
station. But this doesn’t make much sense, because his wife’s round trip can’t decrease by 20 minutes if it is already zero. 
So the real degenerate case is when Joe’s wife normally has to drive 10 minutes to get to the train station, and thus her 
round trip is 20 minutes less, i.e., zero minutes in the case. This means that John meets her at home just as she is about to leave. 
What time does she normally leave? At 5:50, so she can get to the train station at 6:00. Thus Joe must have been walking for
50 minutes to arrive home at 5:50.
